



[Illustration: [Border]]

                This little book is from the library of

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

               When you have read, and laughed with glee
               Please bring this book right back to me.




                      UNCLE WIGGILY’S ROLLING HOOP
                                   or
                 HOW THE BUNNY GENTLEMAN GETS MIXED UP
                                  and
                   UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE SNAPPY SHARK
                                  also
                        UNCLE WIGGILY’S BOB SLED


[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

                                TEXT BY
                            HOWARD R. GARIS
       Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPER TROTS and BED TIME STORIES

                              PICTURED BY
                             LANG CAMPBELL

                             NEWARK, N. J.
                        CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
                                NEW YORK




   IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
          GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.

 So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal shovel
                 away from the gas stove, you may read

  1. UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.

  2. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.

  3. UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.

  4. UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.

  5. UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.

  6. UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.

  7. UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.

  8. UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.

  9. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.

 10. UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.

 11. UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.

 12. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.

 13. UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.

 14. UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.

 15. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.

 16. UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO.

 17. UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.

 18. UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.

 19. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WATER SPOUT.

 20. UNCLE WIGGILY’S LAUGHING GAS BALLOONS.

 21. UNCLE WIGGILY’S EMPTY WATCH.

 22. UNCLE WIGGILY’S RADIO.

 23. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE BEAVER BOYS.

 24. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE TURKEY GOBBLER.

 25. UNCLE WIGGILY’S SQUIRT GUN.

 26. UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE ALLIGATOR.

 27. UNCLE WIGGILY’S WASHTUB SHIP.

 28. UNCLE WIGGILY’S ROLLING HOOP.

 29. UNCLE WIGGILY’S MAKE BELIEVE TARTS.

 30. UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE BOAT.

        Every book has three stories, including the title story.

[Illustration: HIS MARK]

                            _Made in U. S. A._

   Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.
 Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924, 1927, 1928. Charles E. Graham & Co., Newark,
                            N. J. and New York.




 UNCLE WIGGILY’S ROLLING HOOP OR HOW THE BUNNY GENTLEMAN GETS MIXED UP


[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

1. One day, when Uncle Wiggily was hopping along, wishing for an
adventure, all of a sudden he heard a voice calling: “Look out! Look
out! It’s coming!” Uncle Wiggily twinkled his pink nose. “Perhaps it is
an adventure that is coming,” thought the bunny. But it was the hoop of
Susie Littletail, the rabbit girl. It ran away from her and tangled
itself up in Uncle Wiggily’s legs. Oh, Susie, my dear!

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

2. Uncle Wiggily tried to jump out of Susie’s hoop, after the round
wooden ring tangled itself on his legs, but the more he tried to stand
up the more the bunny gentleman sat down. “I am afraid Susie, my dear,”
said Uncle Wiggily, as he looked at the little rabbit girl, “I’m afraid
you don’t know how to roll a hoop straight.” Susie said: “I’m afraid so,
too, Uncle Wiggily. Please give me a hoop lesson.”

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

3. “This is the way to do it, Susie,” said Uncle Wiggily, when he had
untangled himself from the wooden ring. “It is easy once you learn how.
Drive your hoop straight, and, when you see some one coming, steer out
of their way.” Susie trotted beside Uncle Wiggily. “Some one is coming
now,” said the rabbit girl. “It’s Aunt Lettie, the goat. I hope you
don’t tangle her in the hoop, Uncle Wiggily!”

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

4. “Oh, no danger, Susie!” laughed the bunny. “I know how to manage a
rolling hoop. I’ll just send it to one side of Aunt Lettie and—” But
just then the hoop gave a sudden bounce and the bunny lost it. “Oh, come
back!” he cried. But the hoop rushed straight at the goat lady. “Oh, how
nervous I am!” bleated Aunt Lettie. “What shall I do.” Uncle Wiggily
shouted to jump aside, but it was too late.

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

5. “Oh, I just know something is going to happen!” bleated Aunt Lettie
as she fell to the ground, all tangled in the hoop. “It has already
happened,” spoke Uncle Wiggily. “Don’t worry. The worst is over. I beg
your pardon, Aunt Lettie.” Then the bunny gentleman and little girl
helped the goat lady up. “You don’t want me to drive a hoop that way, do
you?” asked Susie. “No, I’ll give you a new lesson.”

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

6. “Oh, you’re going fine now, Uncle Wiggily!” cried Susie, as she ran
along beside the bunny gentleman, who was once more driving the hoop.
“Hush, Susie, my dear, please don’t say a word,” begged the bunny in a
whisper. “Something may happen.” Aunt Lettie hurried away. “I hope it
doesn’t happen to me,” she bleated. Susie tried not to laugh. “I guess
it will happen to the bears,” she whispered.

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

7. Faster and faster rolled the hoop, until it rolled away from Uncle
Wiggily again, right at Mr. Stubtail, the brown bear, and Mr. Whitewash,
the polar bear who had been talking together. Over their heads flew the
hoop. “A trap!” roared Mr. Stubtail, turning and trying to pull away.
“I’m caught!” grunted Mr. Whitewash, and he pulled the other way, until
Susie’s hoop looked like an egg, and Susie cried.

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

8. “Gentlemen! Bear gentlemen! Don’t rush so!” called Uncle Wiggily to
Mr. Whitewash and Mr. Stubtail. “You are only in Susie’s hoop—not a
trap. I’ll soon get you out.” The bunny jumped in between the two bears
but, just then, the stretched-out hoop sprang together like a rubber
band, and Uncle Wiggily was bunked between the backs of the bears. “Oh,
I feel like a pancake!” he cried.

[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

9. After a great deal of wiggling, the two bears managed to get outside
of Susie’s hoop. And they stopped squeezing Uncle Wiggily. The bunny sat
down on the ground, feeling very sad. “Never again will I roll a hoop!”
he exclaimed. “And I—I can’t, either!” sobbed Susie, as the bear
gentlemen dried her tears. “My hoop looks like a fried cake. Boo hoo!”
But Uncle Wiggily gave her money for a new one.

 And if the boiled egg doesn’t try to dance on top of the piano and fall
    off on the rocking chair where it might crack its shell, the next
  pictures and story, will be about Uncle Wiggily and the Snappy Shark.

[Illustration: [Jane]]




  WHEN SAILING IN A BOAT, IF NO WIND BLOWS, YOU FLOAT. AND IF THE BAD
     SHARK CHASES AFTER, WHY, GREET HIM WITH SOME HEARTY LAUGHTER.


[Illustration: [Jane]]

1. Having nothing special to do, Uncle Wiggily built himself a sail boat
from a wash tub and some old boards. “Come and take a ride with me,
Nurse Jane,” he invited. “You need a little rest from washing dishes all
the while.” The muskrat lady housekeeper thought this would be great
fun. “But suppose something happens to us, Uncle Wiggily?” she asked.
“It will be an adventure!” laughed the rabbit.

[Illustration: [Jane]]

2. Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane took their places in the washtub boat.
“All aboard!” cried Uncle Wiggily. At first the wind blew just right,
and away sailed Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane. “A happy voyage!” grunted
Mr. Twistytail, the pig gentleman, waving his handkerchief at them. “But
look out for the Snappy Shark. I heard he was splashing around in this
duck pond ocean!”

[Illustration: [Jane]]

3. The wind, blowing strong at first, blew Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane
out into the middle of the duck pond ocean. Then, as often happens, the
wind died away and all was calm. “We aren’t moving!” cried the muskrat
lady. “No, we need some wind,” spoke Uncle Wiggily. “I’ll fan the sail,”
offered Nurse Jane. “And I’ll blow on it,” added Uncle Wiggily. But all
this did no good. The ship stood still.

[Illustration: [Alligator]]

4. While Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane were trying to make their boat go,
the Snappy Shark met the Skillery Scallery Alligator near shore. “Who’s
out in that boat?” asked the Shark. “Uncle Wiggily,” grunted the ’Gator.
“Good!” whispered the Shark. “I’ll chase him from behind, and you swim
in front of the boat so he can’t escape that way. Between us we’ll catch
him and nibble his ears. Get ready!”

[Illustration: [Jane]]

5. No matter how hard Nurse Jane fanned, nor how hard Uncle Wiggily
blew, they could not, of course, make wind enough to move the boat. Then
the bunny said: “I’ll do as the sailors do. I’ll whistle a tune and see
if that will bring a breeze!” So Uncle Wiggily began to whistle, but
Nurse Jane cried: “Stop! You have called the Snappy Shark instead of the
wind! Oh, what shall we do to get away?”

[Illustration: [Jane]]

6. “Don’t be afraid!” cried Uncle Wiggily, when Nurse Jane told about
the Shark. “If the wind won’t blow our boat I’ll jump in and swim
ashore, pulling the boat after me with the anchor and rope.” Just as the
bunny was about to jump in, he saw, in front of his ship, the Skillery
Scallery Alligator swimming along. “Ah, I have a better plan!” laughed
the bunny. “I’ll make the ’Gator pull us to shore!”

[Illustration: [Alligator]]

7. Uncle Wiggily dropped the anchor and tow rope so that it caught on
one of the ’Gator’s legs, and then the Skillery Scallery creature had to
pull the boat along, whether he wanted to or not. “Stop! Stop! Stop!”
cried the Shark. “How can I nibble ears when you are pulling Uncle
Wiggily away?” But the ’Gator would not stop, not knowing any better.
“I’ll cut the rope when we are near shore!” said the bunny.

[Illustration: [Alligator]]

8. “What are you doing, Nurse Jane?” asked Uncle Wiggily, as the ’Gator
towed the boat faster and faster. “Trying to sprinkle pepper in the eyes
of the Shark,” answered the muskrat lady. “Never mind about that,” said
Uncle Wiggily. “We are close to the dock now, and I’ll cut the rope so
we’ll drift in.” Then the bunny did this, and then he had to fan Nurse
Jane, who fainted. Now what comes next?

[Illustration: [Twistytail]]

9. Safely to the dock floated Uncle Wiggily’s boat, which had been towed
by the ’Gator, even if there was no wind. “Oh, such a voyage!” cried
Nurse Jane, as Mr. Twistytail helped her off the ship. “But see what
happened to the Shark and ’Gator!” laughed Uncle Wiggily. “Their plans
went wrong. They bunked together and how angry they are!” The Shark
blamed the ’Gator and the ’Gator blamed the Shark!

 And if the lead pencil doesn’t give the fountain pen a black mark for
 staying out too late at the moving pictures, you shall next hear about
                       Uncle Wiggily’s Bob Sled.

[Illustration: [Bushy]]




 UNCLE WIGGILY MADE A BOB SLED TO GIVE HIS FRIENDS A SLIDE; BUT QUICKLY
            DUMPED THE BUSHY BEAR WHO TRIED TO STEAL A RIDE.


[Illustration: [Wiggly]]

1. One day, early in the new year, Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy heard queer,
pounding noises out in the wood shed. “I hope that isn’t the Fuzzy Fox
trying to break in to nibble ears,” she said. And when she looked in the
shed she saw Uncle Wiggily and Uncle Butter making a coasting bob sled.
“You are too old for such fun!” laughed Nurse Jane. “I’ll show you how
to slide down hill!” said Uncle Wiggily.

[Illustration: [Lettie]]

2. At last the bob sled was finished and Uncle Wiggily and his goat
friend started pulling it toward the coasting hill. On the way they saw
Aunt Lettie. “Come on,” spoke Uncle Wiggily, “we’ll give her a ride.
She’ll tell Nurse Jane about it and my muskrat lady housekeeper will
know I’m a good sled-maker.” Up behind Aunt Lettie the two friends
pulled the bob. “How you startled me!” she bleated. “Baa-a-a!”

[Illustration: [Lettie]]

3. “How are you enjoying yourself, Aunt Lettie?” asked Uncle Wiggily, as
the goat lady sat on the bob and was hauled away. “Oh, I am having a
lovely time, thank you,” she bleated. “But there is poor Mrs. Twistytail
just ahead. She is so fat she has to sit down to rest her feet.” Uncle
Wiggily twinkled his pink nose and said: “Why not give the lady pig a
ride? We have plenty of room.” So they asked her.

[Illustration: [Twistytail]]

4. Mrs. Twistytail was very glad to get on the bob sled of Uncle
Wiggily, and while the two animal ladies were enjoying the ride, the Bob
Cat and Bushy Bear happened to see them. “Oh, I know how we can catch
Uncle Wiggily!” whispered the Bear. “How?” asked the Bob Cat. “I’ll tell
you in my den,” growled the Bear. “It’s time we had some nibbles off
that rabbit’s ears. This time we’ll get him!”

[Illustration: [Bruin]]

5. To the Bear’s den the two bad chaps hurried. “Come, Wife!” growled
the bushy bruin fellow, “give me some of your old dresses, a bonnet and
a shawl!” Mrs. Bruin wanted to know if they were to be sold to the rag
man. “No!” growled Mr. Bruin. “I’m going to dress up like an old lady.
Uncle Wiggily will invite me to ride on his bob sled. When I’m on I’ll
jump off and nibble his ears. Give me a dress!”

[Illustration: [Bushy]]

6. When the Bushy Bear was dressed in some of his wife’s old clothes, he
went out and stood in the road, turning his back. “You look just like a
poor old woman!” whispered the hidden Bob Cat. And when the bunny and
Uncle Butter came along with the bob sled, the rabbit said: “Look,
there’s another poor, old, tired lady. We’ll give her a ride. We must be
kind to the old folks. Hop on, lady!” he cried.

[Illustration: [Bushy]]

7. Keeping the bonnet pulled down over his face, the Bushy Bear,
pretending to be a lady, got on the bob sled. “Put your paws around me
and hold on,” invited Mrs. Twistytail. But as soon as the Bear did that,
he showed his long claws, which the pig lady saw. “Oh, mercy!” squealed
Mrs. Twistytail. “This is dreadful!” The bunny and the goat, who were
giving the ladies a ride, turned to see what was the matter.

[Illustration: [Bushy]]

8. “This isn’t a poor old lady at all!” squeaked Mrs. Twistytail. “It’s
the Bushy Bear with a dress on!” Then Uncle Wiggily saw that he had been
fooled. “Quick, Uncle Butter!” whispered the rabbit. “Give the rope a
hard pull! We’ll get rid of the bad chap!” Jerking on the sled suddenly,
the Bear was jiggled off backward. “Now let’s run to the hill and coast
down!” cried the bunny. “Run fast, Butter!”

[Illustration: [Bushy]]

9. Away ran the bunny and the goat, pulling the sled with the animal
ladies on it. Casting aside his wife’s dress, which tangled in his legs,
the Bushy Bear tried to follow. But Uncle Wiggily soon reached the top
of the coasting hill. “Down we go!” he cried as he and the goat jumped
on the sled and slid to safety. “Fooled again!” growled the Bear,
sitting down on top of the hill. “Plop him!” cried the Squigglers.

[Illustration: [Border]]

When you have finished reading this nice little book, perhaps you would
like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle Wiggily
Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in and 31
stories—one for every night in the month. If the book store man has none
of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct to the
Publishers,

                          A. L. BURT COMPANY,
                          114 EAST 23rd STREET
                             NEW YORK CITY




[Illustration: [Border]]

                               LOOK HERE!


[Illustration]

This handsome book has large color pictures throughout and wonderful
stories. Ask the book store man for _Adventures of Uncle Wiggily_.

                        CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.
                             NEWARK, N. J.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


 Changed from                        Changed to

 [Missing First Chapter Title]       UNCLE WIGGILY’S ROLLING HOOP OR HOW
                                     THE BUNNY GENTLEMAN GETS MIXED UP

 1. Silently corrected obvious typographical errors and variations in
      spelling.
 2. Retained archaic, non-standard, and uncertain spellings as printed.
 3. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.
